Fixes #29367 | update `ServiceWorkerRegistration.scope` and `ServiceWorkerRegistration.updateViaCache` to better reflect its relationship with `ServiceWorkerContainer.register()` (#30447)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/serviceworkerregistration/updateviacache/index.md

{{APIRef("Service Workers API")}}

> The **`updateViaCache`** read-only property of the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration")}} interface returns the update via cache mode associated with the current service worker registration using the `updateViaCache` parameter specified when calling {{domxref('ServiceWorkerContainer.register()')}}. Requests for `importScripts` still go via the HTTP cache. `updateViaCache` offers control over this behavior.

Author: ```suggestion
The **`updateViaCache`** read-only property of the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration")}} interface returns the update via cache mode associated with the current service worker registration using the `updateViaCache` parameter specified when register the service worker by calling {{domxref('ServiceWorkerContainer.register()')}}. Requests for `importScripts` still go via the HTTP cache. `updateViaCache` offers control over this behavior.
```

> The **`updateViaCache`** read-only property of the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration")}} interface returns the update via cache mode associated with the current service worker registration using the `updateViaCache` parameter specified when register the service worker by calling {{domxref('ServiceWorkerContainer.register()')}}. Requests for `importScripts` still go via the HTTP cache. `updateViaCache` offers control over this behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`updateViaCache`** read-only property of the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration")}} interface returns the value of the setting used to determine the circumstances in which the browser will consult the HTTP cache when it tries to update the service worker or any scripts that are imported via {{domxref("WorkerGlobalScope.importScripts", "importScripts()")}}.
```

## Value

> Returns the update via cache mode associated with the current service worker registration, can be one of the following values:

Reviewer: Returns one of the following values:

> Returns the update via cache mode associated with the current service worker registration, can be one of the following values:

Author: ```suggestion
Returns one of the following values:
```

> - `imports`, meaning the HTTP cache is not consulted for update of the service worker, but is consulted for `importScripts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `imports`, meaning the HTTP cache is not consulted for updates to the service worker script, but is consulted for scripts imported using {{domxref("WorkerGlobalScope.importScripts", "importScripts()")}}. This is the default value.
```

> - `all`, meaning the HTTP cache is consulted in both cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `all`, meaning the HTTP cache is consulted for updates to the service worker script and for scripts imported using {{domxref("WorkerGlobalScope.importScripts", "importScripts()")}}.
```
